well then have a crack urso a trick
which is used when recording the batteries mm local studio as not very
big
and well really the trick is to practice the reverb generates the
battery what we recorded that this year can be done
if you have recorded the battery with a midi instruments library
if you want to make a date a little more more creams take real
james can be applied
this is what you're going to do the next percent I already selected one for
apart from the theme
that's why we're going to do it in the mix
in lowering the hype levels
Once this is done, what we do is
export the whole battery not in this case are going to be a few bars
but you what are you Cáceres export all the battery killing the
tracks
from the first beat to the last
then we will export
audio mix
here what we have is that to click this case the tabs to study folder of
project audio
we have to click the pulti tab the spain track audio track
so that the export we appear in the project
by the way we put a man on the track
and we export
well percent we see that appears aquila
Mena I bring it up here to have it more at hand and what we do is
the next
we apply are let's listen to the track that mohsén
is a spokesperson
this is days ago
what we do is to apply a reverberating mountain to this track
we can use directly
are the koshino shipments
go let's go to oviedo
if we made the track
let's go to oviedo
We apply a plugin that bows if there is a network of its own
kutxa
a reverb because it cuts
we hear
it's more or less
now the track
has its reverse
and what we do now is go back to the mix raise the hype levels
how was it
not how we keep at the beginning eight tenths matter
Pedraz and that is very high
see the differences
moody's dedicated g more body takes another peak color g that feeling benavente
before xala do not start use in general
Well, this has been the resource the trick, I do not expect it to be useful for us
your songs